challenge-programs: update the description in README-EN (#66)
pingcap/community: challenge-Programs/performance-challenge.md

      - For team sign up, please introduce your team briefly, give a team name, list your team members and leave an email address for future contact. (See the [example](https://github.com/tidb-perf-challenge/pcp/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/performance-challenge-program.md))
- Note: 
   - Up to three members in a team.

>    - The team that includes a PingCAPer will be marked with a star. While this team is not eligible to to advance toward the final rank, the Contribution Credit theyit got can still redeem the prizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The team that includes a PingCAPer will be marked with a star(*). While this team is not eligible to advance toward the final rank, the Contribution Credit they got can still redeem the prizes.
```

**Heads-up:**

> - If you want to challenge vectorization function Issue（[TiDB #12105](http://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/12105), [TiKV #5751](http://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/5751)), you can directly challenge the function tasks in the Issue without commenting on "/pick-up-challenge". Each time you successfully perform a function, you can submit a PR in the same format as the regular PCP PR (see Step 4 for more details). You have to note that the first line of the PR should be `PCP #12105` or `PCP #5751`. Each merged PR in the vectorization function Issue values 50 Contribution Credit. After all the vectorization function tasks are performed, the Issue will be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to challenge vectorization function issue（[TiDB #12058](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/12058), [TiKV #5751](http://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/5751)), you can directly pickup a function task in the issue without commenting on "/pick-up-challenge". Each time you successfully implemented a vectorized builtin function, you can submit a PR in the same format as the regular PCP PR (see Step 4 for more details). Please note that the first line of the PR should be `PCP #12158` or `PCP #5751`. Each merged PR in the vectorization function issue values 50 Contribution Credit. After all the vectorization function tasks are finished, the issue will be closed.
```
